I bust my ass 80 hours a week all I do
is work work work shit sleep every other
day got shows on my feet gotta burn more
dances to me is me dance right this is
way lower down the street gave tennis
top tonight I'm going ham in the sheets
walk back like with a manager please
your meal bucket cash I be damned if I
leave had more dough I would laugh at
these things but I'm so broke i will
place for these things then make it seem
like that I f it the lowest state that i
can hit while I'm way into for this
paycheck all I need is about five I can
make better if you ate snacks breaking
into eight pack shit and 28 tracks gotta
bring me eight back niggas got straight
plan we lit up shrine babe friday i was
happy friday
saturday then I got high smoked all
sunday now I'm all back in here looking
at this Monday money-mad gotta stretch
with Monday I gotta hit the next check
work Monday my no drugs no sex with one
day my nigga I am upset with tap water
in the heat column in you if I gotta
order ID to eat might as well take 20
out now for gas gotta do the speed limit
try make the shit names damn just last
week I had a stack smaller the story is
getting fans who the fans when you get
paid roofing like you're the man no
one's in the air you look like you can't
say I'm most birds landing your case you
will crash head knowing shorts hit his
face on the dash when you weren't your
last ship becomes awesome now you gotta
do things you don't you gotta do that
that becomes a problem to appease the
monster I to you the fuck around scoffs
I'm paid me to follow you listen to my
word play everyone deserves paid but you
gotta earn PAYE work to thursday a
friday i was happy
I thought it all saturday then I got
high smoked all sunday now mom acts in
here looking at just one day my mad
gotta stretch with Monday my gotta get
the next check with Monday my no drugs
no sex with one day my nigga I'm upset
with you one day money I know y'all feel
they should all do I'm the movie saddest
part is it's Friday tuna
I'll give me the next Friday dough so
with that being said Monday Marnie
Marnie